VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed prerequisite (#2233)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Known_issues/KI_Upgrade_fails_VerifyNoObsoleteAPIDeployed_prerequisite.md

> ---

Reviewer: Probably best to go over these tips: https://docs.dataminer.services/CONTRIBUTING.html#tips-for-writing-documentation. There are some things here that should be avoided according to those (avoid contractions).

uid: KI_Upgrade_fails_VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed_prerequisite
---

# Upgrade fails because of VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed.dll prerequisite

## Affected versions

From DataMiner 10.4.0 onwards

## Cause

From DataMiner 10.4.0 onwards, the obsolete *API Deployment* feature will be completely removed from DataMiner and replaced by [User-Defined APIs](xref:UD_APIs). The VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed upgrade prerequisite verifies no obsolete APIs are deployed before upgrading as these won't work anymore after the upgrade.

## Fix

If you don't want to lose your APIs, you will have to migrate them to use the new User-Defined APIs feature. There is documentation on how to [define a new API](xref:UD_APIs_Define_New_API) and how to [create an API from an existing automation script](xref:UD_APIs_Using_existing_scripts).

If you just want to remove your obsolete APIs from your system, follow below steps. Note that you'll also have to follow these steps after you migrated your APIs to the *User-Defined APIs* feature.

1. Open DataMiner Cube, and log into your DataMiner System.

1. Go to *System Center* > *API deployment (Deprecated)*

> 1. Your API's will be displayed in a tree view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your APIs will be displayed in a tree view
```

Reviewer: Also indent this since this is not action but a result of what you will see after the previous action.

    ![Obsolete APIs in System Center in Cube](~/user-guide/images/UDAPIS_Migration_1.jpg)

1. To undeploy the API, simply click the button in the *Undeploy* column, then *Yes*.

> 1. When finished, you should only have *Unused Tokens* left in your treeview. This process only needs to be done on one system in the cluster, changes will be synced to the entire cluster.

Reviewer: This gives additional info on the procedure and is not an action, so it should not be part of the 'steps' list.

---
uid: KI_Upgrade_fails_VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed_prerequisite
---

# Upgrade fails because of VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed.dll prerequisite

## Affected versions

From DataMiner 10.4.0 onwards

## Cause

From DataMiner 10.4.0 onwards, the obsolete *API Deployment* feature will be completely removed from DataMiner and replaced by [User-Defined APIs](xref:UD_APIs). The VerifyNoObsoleteApiDeployed upgrade prerequisite verifies no obsolete APIs are deployed before upgrading as these will not work anymore after the upgrade.

## Fix

> If you don't want to lose your APIs, you will have to migrate them to use the new User-Defined APIs feature. There is documentation on how to [define a new API](xref:UD_APIs_Define_New_API) and how to [create an API from an existing automation script](xref:UD_APIs_Using_existing_scripts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to lose your APIs, you will have to migrate them to use the new User-Defined APIs feature. There is documentation on how to [define a new API](xref:UD_APIs_Define_New_API) and how to [create an API from an existing automation script](xref:UD_APIs_Using_existing_scripts).
```
